welcome to the man of recaps it's the
Walking Dead Season three after the barn
was overrun last season the gang is on
the run they're going to houses just
scavenging eating cat food and stuff
Laurie's pregnant with Rick's baby of
course
probably Shane's though anyway Rick
finds a prison nearby he's like huh
that's got like fences and walls it's a
good place to live probably so they go
in they kill a bunch of zombies they're
like hey C Block doesn't have too many
dead bodies we'll bunk down here they're
clearing out the inside of the prison
which still has a lot of zombies in it
but someone gets bit oh it's Hershel now
to stop him from turning hoodoo zombie
they have to cut off his leg real quick
but then there's a bunch of surviving
prisoners in here
Hershel is fine first of all he's gonna
be okay he just has to walk on crutches
from now and they talk to these other
prisoners it's like yo man why you
busting into our prison it's like oh
there's a zombie apocalypse and stuff oh
sorry you didn't know so it looks like
okay we'll help you clear out your own
cellblock to live in so we don't have to
live together but these two people have
no idea how to kill zombies they don't
even know that you have to use headshots
so they have a zombie killing lesson and
then they're doing it for real clearing
out a cellblock
but then this guy's all like yo I'm
gonna take out Rick in the confusion
Rick's like no hey man you dead and then
this guy runs away too cuz he was in on
it but Rick like locks him out there
with the zombies he's like alright other
prisoners you in it's like Nomad we just
want to live in peace here so they get
to go live in d-block Andrea got
separated from the group last season but
she was saved by this person with a
katana and - zombies chained who or what
yes her name is Michonne and she's a
pretty cool chick Andrea's been sick or
whatever so she's been taking care of
her one day they find this crashed
helicopter that these guys are
investigating little zombie friends act
as camouflage they're being too noisy
though so she has to take him out but
they're found anyway by marvel her mates
that Dale's brother who's handcuffed to
the roof in season one had to cut his
own hand off to escape but now he's got
this awesome knife hand so that's pretty
cool he takes him back to Woodbury this
awesome town that's still alive because
they put up some nice big walls it's run
by the governor he's this tall
charismatic dude he's like cooked some
breakfast they're real friendly Andrews
like hey this is an awesome place
Michonne was like I don't trust you
though white boy and she might be right
not to trust him because he talked to
the helicopter pilot he's like oh you
got some National Guard friends over
there so he goes he's like hey what's up
we're here to save you from your bonds
of mortality hi shoot yeah it's an
ambush she takes him off because he's a
badass dude and he's like yeah sorry
citizens like the National Guard was
dead but we got their guns and stuff now
so that's cool governors also got this
nerdy friend who is having an experiment
on zombies because he's got a daughter
who unfortunately is a zombie but he's
still like hanging right there he also
has this cool man cave where he likes to
watch dead zombie heads because you know
there's no TV anymore so these other
prisoners are like hey there's only two
of us now can you just join the group
and Rick's like a TV or a black guy like
you
we have another one and I was like now
that'd be cool but just then some
zombies get in and like to hug gets bit
that's too bad for him and have to kill
some zombies the sirens going off which
is attracting a lot more and it's like
man we got to go down and turn off the
siren so I go down they turn off their
ambushed by this other prisoner who got
away before but this guy ends up with
the gun he's like yo who do I choose
boom I'm taking out this guy he's like
what's up brick I want to join you can
call me new tdawg meanwhile Laurie and
Carl escape this way but it's like oh oh
baby's coming right now
so she's trying to have a baby but like
she's like ah man you're gonna have to
c-section me Maggie's like I really
don't know how to do this I guess I just
like cut the baby out and so that's
pretty painful but it works
unfortunately though Laurie does die so
Carl has to shoot his mom in the head to
make sure if she doesn't come back as a
zombie a little scarring so they're like
hey Rick Congrats on your baby sorry
about your wife though so he's like all
super sad and he grabs an axe and goes
and starts killing zombies to deal with
his pain and he like hallucinates
talking on the phone to Laurie for an
entire episode it's a whole waste of
time back at Woodbury Michele is
planning her escape she's like come on
Andrea let's get out of here but Andrea
is like hey we don't have to escape we
can just leave anytime we want so
there's like hey let us out and murrow's
like yeah you guys aren't prisoners
really I believe so she's like I see
it's an awesome place here let's just
stay but Michonne doesn't trust it so
she is out in there the governor is like
hey sorry your friend left but the best
way to forget about her is to enter a
sexual relationship with me so they
start banging he does send the hunting
party after Michelle no but she ambushes
them first and she takes him out and
Murrell like chases her away back to the
prison the gang needs some baby food so
they go on a run to get some and they
find Merle who's nearby Glenn's like oh
hey man looks like oh hey and it's like
no offense but I don't trust you at all
it's like yeah you shouldn't I'm gonna
take Maggie a new hostage taking you
back to Woodbury i'ma show who's hiding
nearby so she Sachi well-hung who died
in prison and is like hey Rick they got
your peeps over there they want to know
where the group's camp is so Merle goes
our bad cop on Glenn while the governor
goes good cop on Maggie but she's still
not talking so he's like fine I'm gonna
rape you right now and she's like yeah
do it see if I care so he's like fine
I'm gonna do it and he's like now that's
too intense for network TV instead I'm
just gonna put a gun big Glenn's head
and so she's like oh yeah we're at the
prison luckily the group arrives for a
rescue mission they got a smoke grenade
bust in there do a nice extraction on
Glenn and Maggie they have to shoot
their way out of town and Michonne finds
the governor zombie daughter and the
governor's like please don't hurt my
daughter she's like yo man it's a zombie
I'm gonna kill it and he's like now so
they have a big fight and she ends up
stabbing him in the eye and then she's a
Casa de by Andrea and it's like oh man
she has to make a choice between her
best friend her new lover so she she
lets Michonne go the governor gets to
wear a cool eyepatch now and he's
captured Daryl so he's like yo Merle to
prove your loyalty to me you've got to
kill your brother for girls like no man
bros for life they have to fight but
then the game comes in to rescue him and
there's some argument about whether
Merle dis adjoined the group they decide
no cuz he's terrible and Daryl's like
fine I'm going off
bro now sadly during the rescue mission
new t-dog gets shot luckily there's
another black guy nearby they make it
into the prison it's like hey what's up
my name is Tyrese it makes like Tyrese
do you might recall ut dog but then he
starts hallucinating his dead wife again
so he's like those crazy kicks I'm all
out they're like okay we'll go somewhere
else they make their way to Woodbury in
fact this other prisoner finally gets in
line so we care when he gets shot by the
governor he drove over to the prison he
shoots up the whole place he crashes
this truck in there that's full of
zombies so the gang has to fight these
zombies now but luckily Darryl comes in
with his brother Merle who earns his
keep in a Rik cycle camera you can stay
but governor's recruiting an army for
all-out war and Andrea is like hey why
are you fighting the prison they're my
friends but he's like now they attacked
us first so and he's like Rick why'd you
attack Woodbury and he's like no man the
governor is the bad guy she's like oh
I'm sleeping with the bad guy whoops so
Rick goes on a field trip to his old
police station to get more guns but of
course they're all gone by now they do
find this heavily fortified part of town
with like these zombie traps and a guy
in the roof who's shooting at them so
they get in a little fight and Carl's
got a shoot a guy he lives because he
had a bulletproof jacket on and it is
Morgan Rick's black friend from season
one who saved him back in the day he's
got all the guns and stuff in his
apartment but it looks like he went sort
of crazy when his son died so it's like
hey man sorry I never reached you on the
walkie but like we got a cool group now
you should join it he's like honestly
I'm crazy now just leave me here
so they do back home Rick tries to
negotiate with the governor he's like
hey let's divide the land this way but
governor's like nah no negotiating all i
want--is was shown he's like now we're
not gonna give up Michonne morels like
yeah I'll give up Michelle and I'll save
the group but then he's like now I feel
bad I'll cut her free and he's got a new
plan he's gonna get wasted and like
drive this car back to Woodbury so he
can lead all the zombies there so while
they're fighting the zombies he can
flank him and start taking out wood
berries defenses he's starting stand up
the governor but this guy gets in the
way so the governor finds him is like yo
Mauro I'll shoot you
so when Daryl arrived to find his
brother he's turned into a zombie I'm
even though morels a huge dick it's
super sad Daryl has to stab him in the
head the governor tells Andrew he's
worked out a piece but the nerdy Frank
confesses the governor's gonna kill him
no matter what so she goes down to the
prison thought the governor catches up
with her and finds her he takes her
prisoner and he's like he'll nerdy
friend I to prove your loyalty to me I
need you to kill Andrea but he tries to
fight the governor instead but of course
he's a loser so he gets stabbed in the
governor's like fine I'll let you turn
into a zombie you can kill her that way
now it's time for all-out war the
governor busts in there guns blazing but
there's no one around because they're
lying in ambush yes so they have this
big firefight they like shoot around and
then finally the governor's guys have to
run away it's like yeah we won the day
the governor's like hey why are we
alright let's get back there and they're
like honestly we're not an army which is
civilians like we're done with this so
he starts shooting his own civilians off
and even his loyal like lieutenants are
like oh man this guy's cold so they
drive off to who knows where the group
was chasing him down they find the mask
and the survivor tells him what happened
so they go to Woodbury where new new T
Dobbs on guard duty and this chicks like
he'll the governor is the bad guy here
and Rick's like yeah sorry I was crazy
before I'm okay now and Tyrese is like
okay I guess I'll join the group Andrea
almost uses some toe pliers to escape
but she's too late so when the group
finds her she's bit and it's like hey I
guess you have to shoot yourself in the
head and she's like man I made it three
seasons that's not bad on the show they
busts all the remaining Woodberry people
back to the prison because it's a nice
place so they've got a bunch of new
friends coming in to live and that's how
season 3 comes to an end
[Music]